Scheduler: Edit onAppointmentFormOpening's shortDescription (#1440)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/onAppointmentFormOpening.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that is executed to customize an appointment details form before it is opened.

Reviewer: "A function that is executed to customize" - incorrect wording.

```suggestion
A function that is executed before an appointment details form is opened. Use this function to customize the form.
```
